update crossplane docs (#4)
vshn/application-catalog-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/crossplane_service_broker.adoc

==== Redis

> Since Redis doesn't have a concept of users, roles or databases like MariaDB does, there's only one service offering: Redis. It instantiate a Redis setup (master/slave & Sentinel) and create a password which is required to access it. A subsequent binding for this service will return the password and connection information (IP/port) of the Redis and Sentinel instances. This has the drawback that all bindings will reuse the same password and to rotate one of them, all of them need to be rotated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Redis doesn't have a concept of users, roles or databases like MariaDB does, there's only one service offering: Redis. It instantiates a Redis setup (master/slave & Sentinel) and creates a password which is required to access it. A subsequent binding for this service will return the password and connection information (IP/port) of the Redis and Sentinel instances. This has the drawback that all bindings will reuse the same password and to rotate one of them, all of them need to be rotated.
```

Service Instance (XR)::

> Currently none.

Reviewer: The cluster name is stored in a label: `service.syn.tools/cluster`

Author: yup, but that's a label and this part here is about annotations :) the cluster name is above mentioned already :)
